Oh, I'm sorry. I always forget. People
can't see me unless I want them to see me.
- God...
- Just call me Chuck.
I'm looking for God.
Do you see what's happening?
All your chosen.
They are suffering! Show yourself!
Call me Donatello.
This guy's a prophet?
He had no idea
he was next in line after Kevin...
How would he?
He hadn't gotten hit by the God power yet.
What about Amara? She's your sister.
I took responsibility for her, too.
Locked her away.
So you're just gonna let Amara win?
- How is death by your sister a strategy?
- I know her.
She's gonna eliminate you,
and then she's gonna destroy
everything that you've created.
She's told me this personally.
You need all the help you can get.
The plan is to rescue Lucifer from Amara.
Then he teleports us
out of Amara 's hideout,
and we convince Chuck
to use him to fight her.
And how are we supposed to keep Amara busy
while we're liberating Lucifer?
Where are your thoughts?
Something's different.
All right, Metatron, come on.
It's okay, Sam. You go.
I got this.
The secretary.
Spare the universe.
Spare this.
So, where were you?
That's a long story.
How do you feel? I healed you.
Mmm. Yeah, didn't ask you to.
Son, be reasonable.
One cosmic Band-Aid on my knee
and what? You think that we're even now?
Is it time for us
to go play catch in the yard?
Screw you.
Guys.
Hey, how's it going in here?
Listen, I know I've been gone for a while.
I missed a few million birthdays.
Yeah, and then the second
your apes send a distress flare,
boom, Daddy's home.
No, that's not what happened.
Hey, these "apes" saved your ass.
He can't hurt you.
Oh, so, you're controlling me, now?
No, it's just a safeguard.
Hey, guys. Uh, Chuck.
Lucifer, Dean.
You think we can try and focus here,
you know?
End of the world. Common enemy. All that.
Enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Team Amara. Go, Amara.
You don't mean that.
You're really not gonna say it?
He's not gonna say what?
Screw you.
Screw all of you.
Kids, huh?
Lucifer!
You know, at some point in time,
you're gonna have to come out
and then talk to God.
This is like the worst episode
of Full House ever.
If Dad has something to say
to me, I'll hear it from him.
Until then, I'll be in my room.
- It's not your room.
- It's my room!
Whatever.
We can do this.
Lucifer stole the throne.
But his authority weakens
the longer he's MIA.
The time is ripe for a coup.
That's why I brought you here.
Together, we can reclaim the throne.
Together, we can make Hell great again.
Of course, I'll need your help
recruiting others.
When the numbers are in our favor,
we'll strike.
And each and every one of you
will have earned a place at my side.
Told you he'd do this.
"He"? Do what?
What you always do.
Promise a return to Hell's former glory.
Promises you never make good on.
How about a rundown of your recent rule?
First, you were Rowena's bitch.
Then Dean Winchester's.
Then Amara's. Then Lucifer's.
A few weeks ago,
you were cleaning these floors
with your tongue.
We could retake Hell, but why bother?
The world's ending and this time,
Hell's ending with it.
Unless you've got a plan
to defeat The Darkness.
Well, then, this is just more of the same.
King Crowley's bad dinner theater.
If that's the way you feel,
why did you show?
We wanted to see the monkey dance,
one last time.
Talk to him.
Won't do any good.
- Why not?
- 'Cause I can't give him what he wants.
- And what's that?
- What everyone wants.
My sister, my children, you humans.
An apology. A big, wet, "I'm sorry."
Well, so, give it to him!
It's not like he's asking for a weapon.
Or for Hell or for Heaven.
He's asking for words.
I can't say I'm sorry if I'm not.
What he wants an apology for,
I did it for humanity, for the world.
Look, Lucifer wants what everybody wants,
Amara gone.
Okay? Let's just give him
a little time to cool off.
Okay. Well, I don’t know
if you've noticed,
but a little time
is not something that we have.
The end is freaking nigh.
Hmm.
Rowena.
Door not locked.
What all that astral projection bull for?
We're hardly on the best terms, Clea.
Before barging in,
I just wanted to check
for hex bags, or a...
That.
What you want?
I'm working on a spell.
It requires a second.
A second?
Why don't you ask Charisse
or Melodie or Thomasin?
Oh, yeah, you torched them all
in one of your impetuous little fits.
The world's ending, Clea.
Well, duh.
End times shouldn't bother you,
though, Ro. You're a rat.
Find your way off any sinking ship.
Damn right.
The spell I'm working on
is Book of the Damned magic.
And it can get us back.
We can buy ourselves
a few more centuries of life.
Turn back the clock for us
before the world inevitably goes bye-bye.
You're scared.
Aye.
I came face to face with The Darkness.
The apocalypse bell's been rung
a few times in our day,
but when I looked inside her, I saw it.
Not just the end of the world,
Heaven and Hell.
The end of magic.
Greek antiquity. Or no deal.
Middle Ages.
I know, not the best time to be a witch.
Or a black woman.
And the Greek Age was better?
I'm a fan of the classics.
I'll make it work.
Deal.
One of you is gonna have to, uh, go first.
You know what? Uh, Lucifer, you, uh...
You agreed to have a sit-down
if God would show, so...
And, Chuck, you did say you'd talk.
Him first.
I'm the one who's owed an explanation.
Okay, let's try "I feel" statements.
Dr. Phil. It's... Huh?
Oh, yeah, of course. Please.
I am sorry
that you feel that I betrayed you,
that I acted without cause.
And I'm sorry that you can't see
you gave me no choice.
- I'm good.
- You heard that, right?
We all know that you are God, um,
but, maybe, could you be
a little less lordly?
- But I am the Lord.
- Wow.
- There he goes.
- I did what I had to do.
To create the world,
I had to lock Amara away.
And when the Mark corrupted you,
and I saw that you posed a threat
to humankind, I did the same with you.
No, you betrayed me.
You gave me the Mark to lock her away,
and when it changed me,
when it did what the Mark inevitably does,
- you threw me away.
- No, son. The Mark...
You always cast
a jaundiced glance at humans.
The Mark didn't change you.
It just made you more
of what you already were.
What I was, was your son.
Your child.
Why should I put you first
above all others?
You have any idea what it's like
to argue with your father
when your father is God?
Everything is a tautology with you.
Everything is, "Because I told you so."
Everything's, "It had to be done."
Pretty sure that's all fathers.
Okay.
Fine.
Big picture, as God,
you did what you had to do.
But little picture?
You sucked at being a dad.
Okay, maybe I didn't
handle everything perfectly.
But tell me.
Could I have kept humankind safe
with you on the board?
I know about your little bid
to replace me with the angels.
Okay, "New God,"
what would you have done about you?
That is not the point.
I can't believe
I'm actually about to say this,
but Lucifer is right.
All he wants is an apology.
And you're too concerned
about being right to give him one.
But apologies aren't always
about being right.
Sometimes they're just about apologizing.
Yeah, and the great thing about apologies
is you don't have to mean them.
You know? I lie
and tell Sam I'm sorry all the time.
I'm sorry.
See? That's...
Okay. Enough from the peanut gallery.
What?
What would you have done?
It doesn't matter.
You were my father and you forsook me.
I did.
I was supposed to love
all creation equally.
I wasn't supposed to have favorites.
But you,
you were mine.
I gave you the Mark
because I loved you the most.
Because I thought
you were strong enough to bear it.
And when I saw that I was wrong,
when I watched my choice
devour my
most cherished son,
I hated myself.
And so I punished you.
And I am so sorry.
Hey.
So, are we good?
- Okay. Great.
- So, what now?
We trap Amara.
Put her back in the box.
Wait, what?
Yeah. Well, you were right,
she needs to be destroyed.
- But I won't kill her.
- And why not?
Amara's been caged for billions of years,
but, you know, she was always there.
She had to be there.
You know, Yin and Yang.
You know, dark and light.
English, Chuck.
There's a harmony,
a balance in the universe.
Light needs dark, dark needs light.
If you blow one of them up,
then, I mean...
It wouldn't be a good thing.
It'd be really not a good thing.
Like "end of reality" not good.
Okay, so we gift wrap Amara.
I mean, we've got
the team back together, so...
Not quite. We're still a few members short
of the original line-up.
Yeah, first time,
it took the combined strength
of me and my brothers to weaken Amara
before Daddy-o finished her off.
Yeah. Even then it was close.
Now, with just the two of us, we'll lose.
Okay. So, what? We need more group therapy
between you and the archangels
if we want to have a shot?
Well, Michael's in no condition to fight.
And it's outside of my power
to bring Gabriel and Raphael back.
But you restored Castiel.
Archangels are different,
they're the stuff of primordial creation.
Rebuilding them, that's...
It's time we don't have.
All right. So, what do you need to win?
What do you got?
So, what do we bring to the table
to make up for archangel power?
- We could try and find more Hands of God?
- Little redundant.
- Right.
- What about Crowley?
Demon power. Former King of Hell.
He was a player in his day.
Stealing my moves, Dean?
Let me guess.
You got Lucifer back in the fold.
He snapped you here.
No. It wasn't Lucifer.
Uh-uh-uh.
It's time to sober up.
You smell like a dumpster
outside the Liquor Barn.
What's this? Concern for me?
I appreciate your attempts
at bromantic rekindling,
but I think we'd both agree,
that ship has sailed.
It's not what this is about.
We need your help.
We have the angels.
And here I thought
I had made real inroads with you guys.
- You thought wrong, Serpent.
- "Serpent?"
We loathe you, will always loathe you.
Welp, I came here to ask
a good faith favor of you folks,
but as you are clearly
less than kindly disposed,
perhaps, you'll lend an ear
to my very own Jiminy Cricket? Hmm?
Hello, brothers.
Sisters.
Castiel?
It's me.
Do you think we see any daylight
between you and the Adversary?
Rowena. I mean, she's a snake,
but she's a powerful witch.
And she's got the Book of the Damned.
We've got the owl feather?
The yarrow root?
Check and check.
- A jaw of pig?
- Check.
What are you doing here, giant?
- Give it.
- Not till we've talked.
You walked right into a powerful coven!
It takes three for a coven.
Witches' den, without a weapon.
I'll turn you into a moose,
an actual moose.
You can't.
Read his aura.
He under some potent protection.
Never seen that before.
Hear the man out.
Well?
We need you.
Getting these groups to enlist
and then work together?
- It's not gonna be easy.
- Couldn't you just compel them?
I invented free will for a reason.
So, we're tying our hands on principle?
No, you can't make
an effective soldier by force.
They have to choose this fight.
But they're gonna wanna know
they're backing a winner.
So?
So......
We're gonna play the God card.
"God's back."
You've tricked me before, Samuel.
Why'd I believe a word you say?
It would explain
that aura of protection.
Not no regular magic.
Clea, dear, is this how
it's going to be with us in Crete?
Even if God's back, why would I care?
Hello, Pagan here.
I serve magic, not God.
Sorry.
- Not interested.
- I am.
What? I can't serve both?
Let's hear it from him.
In good time.
Do I have your support?
I can't even look at you, Castiel.
You befouled yourself with the Deceiver.
You know, every second that I've spent
subordinating myself to Lucifer,
it's been a torment.
It's destroying me.
It's burning through my vessel.
But I would do it all over again.
Because, through me, he and God,
they will defeat The Darkness.
That's my role in this fight.
It's God's fight.
You can play a part in that fight, too.
If you join me.
No!
Ro, you brought me a plan to escape.
This here's an opportunity
to fight and win.
- She's right.
- Nobody's talking to you, Big and Tall.
I can enlist others.
Sister witches.
You're mad.
We don't stand a chance against Amara!
Rowena, honey, there is a chance.
Game of thrones? It's musical chairs.
Still, I wanted it.
To go out with the crown on my head.
And that's what you offered them,
a chance to stroke your ego?
And you wonder why they said no?
Well, we've got something better.
A plan.
Now, you can sit on the sidelines
and watch the world die,
or you can fight.
You know, to be King again,
maybe you need to remember
how to be a soldier.
What's the plan?
We assemble our band of brothers.
Hit Amara with everything we've got.
- Then, when she's weak...
- I finish her off.
So a page from the original playbook.
This time with witches and demons
subbing for archangels.
Exactly.
I still don't like it.
But why trap her when you can kill her?
You know? I mean, you gotta admit,
there's a lot less room for error
if you shoot to kill.
I explained why.
Right. But why keep her in play?
So she can escape
and we can go through this all over again?
Dean, what is this about?
Nothing. Am I the only one
thinking rational here?
It's about her.
Sam, it's about his girlfriend.
Okay. Shut up.
I mean, think about it.
Dean Winchester meets
the biggest evil in the universe,
and he takes a pass.
Come on.
Now he wants Daddy to do what he couldn't.
Is he right?
I'm not getting into it with him.
Not gonna happen.
Hey, Dean.
Come on, what's good for the goose
is good for the gander.
We opened a vein for you two.
I tried 110 kill her.
And it didn't work.
Maybe it didn't work
because you didn't want it to work.
Maybe you didn't want to kill her.
You want God to kill Amara
because you don't want Amara to be killed?
Yeah, maybe there's a part of me
that just can't hurt her.
But if she's already dead...
Then she's already dead. Right.
Well, that got weird.
Dean, we always sweat this stuff,
these choices.
But for once, we have God on our side.
I mean, for once,
we can actually just do things his way.
- That's...
- That's a very simple plan.
Simple, bordering on insane.
It's suicide.
That's right.
Still in?
Let's go.
Please, I don't know anything!
I've only been a prophet for three days!
But you know where he is.
I won't tell you.
You won't have to.
Kansas.
I don't hold grudges.
Besides, that dog collar
was a lovely touch.
Really made my eyes pop.
Almost wore it here today.
Oh, I'm glad you're such a good sport.
Hey, Red.
Looking gorgeous as ever.
Hey, I think a little apology is in order.
You think you're the first man
to try and kill me?
Hello, Fergus.
Mother.
Hello, my children.
Him?
Rowena. Crowley.
It's good to finally meet you in person.
Sorry about, well,
everything I've ever done
in my life, really.
You can't have been a fan.
Oh, yeah, I've been quietly rooting
against you both for some time now.
Although, I can't deny,
you're one of my guilty pleasures.
- Oh, God.
- All right, no flirting. And no fighting.
- Yeah. And no deals.
No talks about who's owed what
if we survive this.
Nobody likes each other,
it doesn't matter.
We only have the fight ahead.
Amara's looking for me,
but I'm warded against her, for now.
The second I drop the warding,
she'll show.
She'll be expecting a fight,
and we'll give it to her.
Shock and awe.
Shock and awe!
You have your troops in position?
Yes, Rowena.
Fabulous plan, God,
but doesn't this strategy strike anyone
as a wee bit un-strategic?
Shouldn't we at least
try to catch her off guard?
Is that sequence set in stone?
"Demon, angel, witch power."
It seems to me that the first response
should come from
the most disposable force.
All right, good argument, Doggie.
Demons first, it is.
The weakest should go first.
Naturally, that means the witches.
Enough.
After that, it's Lucifer's turn.
Physical attack, one-on-one.
What about Cass?
Oh, don't worry. Your pet's safety
is my highest concern.
Trust me, he's on board.
Once she's been weakened,
I will take the Mark back from Amara
and use it to seal her away.
You ready?
Yeah.
Wait, what?
God and I talked about this.
Someone needs to bear the Mark.
Well, that should be me.
I've had it before, I'm damaged goods.
Exactly. You've already been tainted.
I can't transfer it to you.
Sam volunteered.
First, Cass making kamikaze side-plans,
and now you?
- You couldn't have talked to me?
- We did talk.
And what happens
when the Mark turns you psycho? Then what?
You lock me up where I can't hurt anyone,
and you throw away the key.
- Sam, no.
- Dean, you told me
you couldn't beat Amara,
that it would have to be me.
Well, this is it. Me.
I'm just saying, angels can hurt her.
It's worked before.
If you call giving Amara
a mild case of the pukes "working."
We're trying to disorientate her
as much as hurt her.
You underestimate witchcraft,
Fergus, always have.
If anything, she's inoculated.
Full-scale demon attack.
That's our x-factor.
We've talked about this.
It's time to do the smart thing.
So, what am I supposed to do?
Just sit by and watch?
No. We're both in this fight.
You're leading this army.
What, you mean babysitting the bad guys?
Okay, Sam.
Okay.
God's plan.
Hello, Amara.
Hello, witch.
How did you find me?
Been inside your head once before.
Easy enough to find my way back.
Take it you're still looking for God?
Well, I 'm with him right now.
He's here?
Yes. Right inside.
Our deal holds?
Safe passage back in time?
I went out on a limb for you.
Betrayed God of all people.
You didn't betray God.
You betrayed me.
I knew this was a trap
the moment you called.
I didn't care.
All I've ever wanted
is a one-on-one with my brother.
And you've just given it to me.
The question is,
how am I going to repay you?
That tickles.
Do you really think
the power of one witch can hurt me?
I'm not just one witch.
Argh!
Enough.
Points for trying.
No!
Get back!
No! No!
No!
Hello, brother.
You cheated.
Again.
But...
Ah!
Son.
I'm sorry.
For this.
For everything.
An apology at last.
What's "sorry" to me?
I spent millions of years
crammed into that cage.
Alone and afraid.
Wishing, begging for death because of you!
What was my crime, brother?
The world needed to be born!
And you wouldn't let me!
Amara, you gave me no choice!
That's your story, not mine.
The real reason you banished me,
why I couldn't be allowed to exist.
You couldn't stand it.
Yeah, we were equals.
We weren't great or powerful,
because we stood
only in relation to each other.
You think you made
the archangels to bring light?
No.
You made them to create lesser beings,
to make you large,
to make you Lord.
It was ego!
You wanted to be big!
That's true.
But it isn't the whole truth.
There's a value, a glory in creation
that's greater and truer
than my pride or my ego.
Call it grace, call it being.
Whatever it is,
it didn't come from my hands.
It was there, waiting to be born!
It just is, as you and I just were.
Since you've been freed,
I know that you've seen it.
Felt it.
It didn't have to be like this.
I loved you, brother.
Well...
You've won again.
Finish it.
Kill me.
I'm sorry.
No.
No. No!
I'm so sorry.
No. Not again!
Not ever again!
Goodbye, nephew.
Cass!
I'd die a million times,
murder you a million more
before going back there!
Tell me,
if you won't change, why should I?
Amara, no!
Sorry, brother.
- Amara, what have you done?
- He's dead.
- God's dead.
- No.
He's dying.
My brother will dim
and fade away into nothing.
But not until he sees what comes next.
Not until he watches this world,
everything he created,
everything he loves turn to ash.
Welcome to the end.
English - SDH